# setup

1. **install** emacs

2. **clone** vanilla config to `~/.emacs.d`
  * if `~/.emacs.d` exists, delete it
    * back it up if you've made any changes after installing emacs
  * `git clone <url> --branch <branch> --single-branch [<folder>]`
    * `git clone https://github.com/JHurdle91/emacs.d --branch vanilla --single-branch ~/.emacs.d`
      * **note:** `vanilla` branch should remain untouched. branch from it to start a new custom config.

3. **add** (and fetch `-f`) remote for each config you want to track
  * `cd ~/.emacs.d`
  * `git remote add -f <remote name> <URL>`
    * `git remote add -f spacemacs https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs`
    * `git remote add -f purcell https://github.com/purcell/emacs.d`

4. **create** a branch for each config that you want to track
  * `git branch --track <new branch name> <remote/branch>`
  * `git branch --track spacemacs spacemacs/master`
  * `git branch --track purcell purcell/master`
    * what does `git branch --track` do?
      * instead of pulling the entire repo, we're choosing to "track" just one branch. since i'm combining multiple repos, this is the simplest way to gather everthing needed.

5. **checkout** desired branch and launch emacs!
  * `git checkout <branch>`

## remarks
* update .gitignore to ignore files generated by various configs.
  * update in `vanilla`, then checkout from other branches
    1. `git checkout spacemacs`
    2. `git checkout vanilla .gitignore`
    3. `git commit -a -m "added files to .gitignore"`
    4. `git push origin --all`
* there is some cross-contamination due to `.gitignore`. Could cause problems in the future.
* need to update (`pull`) all branches periodically
  * maybe write a script to:
    1. checkout branch
    2. `git pull`
    3. checkout next branch
    4. etc...
